today I will be showing you how to do a
backbend
so before you do it back then you want
to stretch your back out so I will be
showing you a stretch which is a bridge
and I'll also be showing you like the
right bridge because some people like
don't line their arms up where they're
supposed to and they bend their arms and
if you do that then like they won't like
mess you up so I know you can't see my
full body and just to tell you guys I
know whenever I talk like in the video
it always like the words don't match up
with my mouth so Julie beard so yeah so
you're going to lay on the floor flat
and then you're going to bend your legs
and then bend your arms and you're gonna
put where your palm of your hands are
facing this way so your fingertips are
pointing like in front of you and then
you're gonna put your arms right or your
ears are in line with your ears and then
you're going to push up with your legs
and your arms straighten your legs and
then you can rock back and forth and
make sure that your arms are straight
and not bent and then you're going to
bend your arms to carefully go down and
then I'll show you one more stretch
which is called the co stretch
and what you do is you put your arms
like this and you just bend your back
like you just arch your back and let's
just use your back and then there's a
cat stretch so now we're going to move
up so so you're going to so I say
against you I don't think you can see my
full body is kind of hard I'm recording
it from my phone so you're going to bend
your knees put your arms straight up and
you're gonna arch your back and then
reach for the wall and start curling
your hands out of the wall and see how
far you can go and don't rush yourself
don't like uhm keep like pushing
yourself down because you'll hurt your
back and that will be good so you're
just gonna see how far you can go so
bend your knees arch your back put your
hands on the wall and say you can only
go up to here then hold it for a few
seconds to a minute and then each time
you're gonna try to rest as well they go
down and then once you're like up to
here like a few inches away from the
floor then you're gonna put your knees
on the floor and then crawl your hands
back up the wall and you're gonna keep
doing that until you can just completely
slide all the way down to the floor
without stopping and once you can
do that you're going to now we're gonna
do it with alcohol so you're gonna do
the same set your good you're gonna bend
your knees put your arm straight up
arch your back reach for the ground and
you're gonna rock back and forth
and then push yourself up by your hands
so you're good we're gonna do it one
more time bend your knees put your arms
straight up arch your back and reach for
the ground rock back and forth and lift
yourself up so you're putting all your
weight to your legs and then lifting
your arms up in the air so it would take
you a few times to be able to do a back
bend and so we lift up and you can also
have a spotter hold your back if you
can't do it or if you're scared and
don't do this on wood floor or hard
floor cuz you'll you might hurt yourself
so make sure you do it on carpet or a
mat so I hope this video helped you and
comment down below if you have any
questions and if in what else what other
video you want me to do so don't forget
to Like comment and subscribe bye